docs: add minimal docs and Netlify build config (#1052)
kubernetes-sigs/dra-driver-nvidia-gpu: docs/architecture.md

# Architecture

This repo ships two independent Kubernetes DRA drivers from one codebase:

- **`gpu.nvidia.com`** — allocates GPUs, MIG slices, and VFIO passthrough.

> - **`compute-domain.nvidia.com`** — allocates IMEX daemons and channels for Multi-Node NVLink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`compute-domain.nvidia.com`** — manages IMEX daemons and channel allocation for Multi-Node NVLink.
```
